ZTNA APIs [Public Preview] (#21578)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/networkaccess-devicelink.md

---
title: "deviceLink resource type"

> description: "A link is a a single customer premises customer-premises equipment (CPE), at a physical branch site location."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "A link is a a single customer premises customer-premises equipment (CPE) at a physical branch site location."
```

author: "Moti-ba"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: identity-and-access
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# deviceLink resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph.networkaccess

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> A link is a a single customer premises customer-premises equipment (CPE), at a physical branch site location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A link is a a single customer premises customer-premises equipment (CPE) at a physical branch site location.
```

|[Create deviceLink](../api/networkaccess-branchsite-post-devicelinks.md)|[microsoft.graph.networkaccess.deviceLink](../resources/networkaccess-devicelink.md)|Create a new [microsoft.graph.networkaccess.deviceLink](../resources/networkaccess-devicelink.md) object.|
|[Get deviceLink](../api/networkaccess-devicelink-get.md)|[microsoft.graph.networkaccess.deviceLink](../resources/networkaccess-devicelink.md)|Read the properties and relationships of a [microsoft.graph.networkaccess.deviceLink](../resources/networkaccess-devicelink.md) object.|
|[Update deviceLink](../api/networkaccess-devicelink-update.md)|[microsoft.graph.networkaccess.deviceLink](../resources/networkaccess-devicelink.md)|Update the properties of a [microsoft.graph.networkaccess.deviceLink](../resources/networkaccess-devicelink.md) object.|
|[Delete deviceLink](../api/networkaccess-branchsite-delete-devicelinks.md)|None|Delete a [microsoft.graph.networkaccess.deviceLink](../resources/networkaccess-devicelink.md) object.|

## Properties
|Property|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|

> |bgpConfiguration|[microsoft.graph.networkaccess.bgpConfiguration](../resources/networkaccess-bgpconfiguration.md)|Specifies the IP address and ASN of the border gateway protocol to send traffic from a link to the edge	|
> |deviceVendor|microsoft.graph.networkaccess.deviceVendor|Specifies the vendor of the link.The possible values are: `barracudaNetworks`, `checkPoint`, `ciscoMeraki`, `citrix`, `fortinet`, `hpeAruba`, `netFoundry`, `nuage`, `openSystems`, `paloAltoNetworks`, `riverbedTechnology`, `silverPeak`, `vmWareSdWan`, `versa`, `other`.|
> |id|String|idInherited from [microsoft.graph.entity](../resources/entity.md).|
> |ipAddress|String|Specifies the client IPv4 of the link	|
> |lastModifiedDateTime|DateTimeOffset|last Modified DateTime|
> |name|String|name|
> |redundancyConfiguration|[microsoft.graph.networkaccess.redundancyConfiguration](../resources/networkaccess-redundancyconfiguration.md)|Specifies the details of redundancy option for the device link|
> |tunnelConfiguration|[microsoft.graph.networkaccess.tunnelConfiguration](../resources/networkaccess-tunnelconfiguration.md)|Specifies connectivity settings (protocol, IPSec policy, and presharked key) for establishing connectivity	|
> |version|String|version|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|bgpConfiguration|[microsoft.graph.networkaccess.bgpConfiguration](../resources/networkaccess-bgpconfiguration.md)|Specifies the IP address and ASN of the border gateway protocol to send traffic from a link to the edge.    |
|deviceVendor|microsoft.graph.networkaccess.deviceVendor|Specifies the vendor of the link.The possible values are: `barracudaNetworks`, `checkPoint`, `ciscoMeraki`, `citrix`, `fortinet`, `hpeAruba`, `netFoundry`, `nuage`, `openSystems`, `paloAltoNetworks`, `riverbedTechnology`, `silverPeak`, `vmWareSdWan`, `versa`, `other`.|
|id|String|Identifier. Inherited from [microsoft.graph.entity](../resources/entity.md).|
|ipAddress|String|Specifies the client IPv4 address of the link.    |
|lastModifiedDateTime|DateTimeOffset|When the CPE was last updated.|
|name|String|Name for the CPE.|
|redundancyConfiguration|[microsoft.graph.networkaccess.redundancyConfiguration](../resources/networkaccess-redundancyconfiguration.md)|Specifies the details of redundancy option for the device link.|
|tunnelConfiguration|[microsoft.graph.networkaccess.tunnelConfiguration](../resources/networkaccess-tunnelconfiguration.md)|Specifies connectivity settings such as protocol, IPSec policy, and presharked key for establishing connectivity.    |
|version|String|Version.|
```
